Vector Search - `EXPERIMENTAL` (#248)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0061-error-format-and-definitions.md

---

## invalid_search_vector

`Synchronous`

### Context

> This error occurs if a value with a different type than `Array of Float` or `null` for `vector` is specified.

Author: ```suggestion
This error occurs for the listed reasons:
- if a value with a different type than `Array of Float` or `null` for `vector` is specified.
- if the vector length differs from the documents `_vectors` length.
```

---

## invalid_search_vector

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs for the listed reasons:

> - if a value with a different type than `Array of Float` or `null` for `vector` is specified.

Reviewer: Is `Array of Float` an existing type?

Reviewer 2: Is there a point in setting the value of the `vector` field to null?

Author: @alallema 

> An array of arrays and an empty array aren't supposed to work too?

Not at search time; it only accepts an array made of float (no sub-array dimensions) or `null` the default one (equivalent to not sending a vector query)

Author: cc @kero

What is the default value of the `vector` field at search-time? `null` or `[]`.

If we don't accept `[]`, the default value specified should be `null` or the field right?

Reviewer 3: > Is there a point in setting the value of the vector field to null?
Depending on your code if you set a query and want to be sure not to use the vector.
```[2023-07-13T16:05:55Z WARN  meilisearch::search] Ignoring the query string `q` when used with the `vector` parameter.```

---

## invalid_document_vectors_field

`Asynchronous`

### Context

> These errors occurs when the `_vectors` field of a document payload is not valid. Either due to the type of it or the number of dimensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs when the `_vectors` field of a document payload is not valid either due to the type of it or the number of dimensions.
```
